# Qiskit-Portfolio
Contains a simple Quantum Teleportation Circuit & a simple implementation of Grover's Algorithm using three qubits. 

QuantumTeleportationCircuit.py:
This program simulates a basic teleportation circuit utilizing two registers: one for the qubits and another for classical bits, each of length 3. Our target qubit for teleportation is initialized to some arbitrary unique state before teleportation, so to account for the fact that it is in some unknown state, we must first map it to a Bloch sphere to verify that our initial and final states are indicative of state teleportation. Afterwards we apply our teleportation circuit, which consists of a Bell state generator operated between qubits one and two followed by a Bell state analyzer operated on qubits 0 and 1. Then we measure qubits 0 and 1 and store them as classical bits in indices 0 and 1 respectively. Afterwards we apply our conditional gates based on our measurements and apply our X and Z gates as necessary before mapping our statevector to the Bloch sphere. 

Physically, if we were implementing this circuit on trapped-ions with a hyperfine structure, our quantum register of length 3 would refer to 3 individual trapped ions contained in some electromagnetic field like a linear Paul trap. Our logical states |0> & |1> ( as displayed on the Bloch sphere ), refer to the hyperfine ground states located on our outter most valence electrons in our ions. Our rotation-based gates ( X, Y, Z gates ) would be implemented using optic lasers or a microwave pulse on the target ion in order to induce a Rabi oscillation such that the electron's probability amplitude is between the two logical states. Our CNOT gate makes use of the phonons of the ion chain to entangle the internal states of the two ions. Measurement is achieved using optic lasers; specifically, we use state-dependent fluorescence to excite only our logical one state, which would then decay, releasing photons ( i.e. light ) which we can detect. 

SimpleGroversAlgorithm.py:
This program demostrates a simple implementation of grover's algorithm using three qubits. We are only searching for one solution, specifically |101> state. Uses two functions: oracle & diffuser, both of which will be called repeatedly in a for loop such that our desired state's probability amplitude will be maximized. The oracle function marks the desired state, |101>, with a global phase change by way of a CCZ gate. The diffuser function is responsible for the amplification of our marked states probability amplitude. It is important to note that these function's circuits change dependent on what our marked state is, as different state require different logic to apply the equivalent operations. The number of iterations we need to inact to achieve proper probability amplification of our marked state is dependent on rounded value of the variable Iterations, which we use in a for loop to call the oracle and diffuser functions repeatedly. Finally, we use AerSimulator is simulate a compiled version of our circuit, before displaying the finally probability distribution across all of our possible states.    
